Feature/implement traefik documentation (#628)
api-platform/docs: deployment/traefik.md

> # Implement Traefik into API Platform dockerized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Implementing Traefik Into API Platform Dockerized
```

> ## Basic implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Basic Implementation
```

> [Traefik](https://traefik.io) is a reverse proxy / load balancer that's easy, dynamic, automatic, fast, full-featured, open source, production proven, providing metrics, and integrating with every major cluster technology

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Traefik](https://traefik.io) is a reverse proxy / load balancer that's easy, dynamic, automatic, fast, full-featured, open source, production proven, providing metrics, and integrating with every major cluster technology.
```

> [Traefik](https://traefik.io) is a reverse proxy / load balancer that's easy, dynamic, automatic, fast, full-featured, open source, production proven, providing metrics, and integrating with every major cluster technologie

Reviewer 2: technology

This tool will help you to define your own routes for your client, api and more generally for your containers.

> Use this custom API Platform docker-compose.yml file which implements ready-to-use Traefik container configuration.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this custom API Platform `docker-compose.yml` file which implements ready-to-use Traefik container configuration.  
```

Override ports and add labels to tell Traefik to listen the routes mentionned and redirect routes to specified container.

> ```--api``` Tell Traefik to generate a browser view to watch containers and IP/DNS associated easier  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--api` Tell Traefik to generate a browser view to watch containers and IP/DNS associated easier  
```

> ```--docker``` Tell Traefik to listen docker api  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--docker` Tell Traefik to listen docker api  
```

> ```--docker.domain=localhost``` The main DNS will be on localhost  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--docker.domain=localhost` The main DNS will be on localhost  
```

> ```labels:``` Key for Traefik configuration into Docker integration  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`labels:` Key for Traefik configuration into Docker integration  
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
```

services:

>   ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # ...
```

  api:
    labels: 
      - "traefik.frontend.rule=Host:api.localhost"
``` 

> The api DNS will be specified with traefik.frontend.rule=Host:your.host (here api.localhost)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The api DNS will be specified with `traefik.frontend.rule=Host:your.host` (here `api.localhost`)  
```

> ```--traefik.port=3000``` Port specified to Traefik will be exopsed by container (here React app expose the 3000 port)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--traefik.port=3000` Port specified to Traefik will be exopsed by container (here React app expose the 3000 port)  
```

```yaml
version: '3.4'

services:
  reverse-proxy:
    image: traefik
    command: --api --docker --docker.domain=localhost
    ports:
      - "80:80" #All HTTP access will be caught by Traefik
      - "8080:8080" #Access Traefik webview
    volumes:
      - /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock

  php:
    image: ${CONTAINER_REGISTRY_BASE}/php
    build:
      context: ./api
    depends_on:
      - db
    env_file:
      - ./api/.env
     Comment out these volumes in production
    volumes:
      - ./api:/srv/api:rw,cached

>        If you develop on Linux, uncomment the following line to use a bind-mounted host directory instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # If you develop on Linux, uncomment the following line to use a bind-mounted host directory instead
```

       - ./api/var:/srv/api/var:rw

  api:
    image: ${CONTAINER_REGISTRY_BASE}/nginx
    labels:
      - "traefik.frontend.rule=Host:api.localhost"
    build:
      context: ./api
    depends_on:
      - php
     Comment out this volume in production
    volumes:
      - ./api/public:/srv/api/public:ro

  db:

>      In production, you may want to use a managed database service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     # In production, you may want to use a managed database service
```

Reviewer: Same for all other comments of this file

    image: postgres:9.6-alpine
    labels:
      - "traefik.frontend.rule=Host:db.localhost"
    environment:
      - POSTGRES_DB=api
      - POSTGRES_USER=api-platform
       You should definitely change the password in production
      - POSTGRES_PASSWORD=!ChangeMe!
    volumes:
      - db-data:/var/lib/postgresql/data:rw
       You may use a bind-mounted host directory instead, so that it is harder to accidentally remove the volume and lose all your data!
       - ./docker/db/data:/var/lib/postgresql/data:rw
    ports:
      - "5432:5432"

  client:
     Use a static website hosting service in production
     See https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app/blob/master/packages/react-scripts/template/README.mddeployment
    image: ${CONTAINER_REGISTRY_BASE}/client
    build:
      context: ./client
    env_file:
      - ./client/.env
    volumes:
      - ./client:/usr/src/client:rw,cached
      - /usr/src/client/node_modules
    expose:
      - 3000
    labels:
      - "traefik.port=3000"
      - "traefik.frontend.rule=Host:localhost"

volumes:
  db-data: {}
```

Don't forget the db-data, then database won't work in this dockerized solution.

> ```localhost``` is a reserved domain referred in your ```/etc/hosts```. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`localhost` is a reserved domain referred in your `/etc/hosts`. 
```

> If you want to implement custom DNS such as production DNS in local, just put them at the end of your ```/etc/host``` file like that : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to implement custom DNS such as production DNS in local, just put them at the end of your `/etc/hosts` file like that: 
```

```
# /etc/hosts

> ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# ...
```

127.0.0.1       your.domain.com
```

> If you do that, you'll have to update the nelmio part in your```api/.env``` and accept the URL specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do that, you'll have to update the `CORS_ALLOW_ORIGIN` environment variable `api/.env` to accept the specified URL.
```

> ## Known problems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Known Issues
```

> Take care of your network, if it's a type B network it may not work because containers are in type B network and it will be in conflict with Traefik sub-network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your network is of type B, it may conflict with the traefik sub-network.
```
